Add docs for canvas connector (#388)
tuva-health/docs: docs/connectors/canvas.md

### **Step 4: Install Python Dependencies** 

With the virtual environment active, install the required Python packages, including dbt and the warehouse-specific dbt adapter (e.g. `dbt-snowflake`, `dbt-bigquery`).

### **Step 5: Configure profiles.yml for Data Warehouse Connection**

dbt needs to know how to connect to your data warehouse. In general, this is done via a profiles.yml file, which you need to create. This file should NOT be committed to Git, as it contains sensitive credentials.

* **Location:** By default, dbt looks for this file in ~/.dbt/profiles.yml (your user home directory, in a hidden .dbt folder).
* **Content:** See the [dbt docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/core/connect-data-platform/profiles.yml).

### **Step 6: Install dbt Package Dependencies**

This project relies on external dbt packages (The Tuva Project and dbt_utils). Run the following command in your terminal from the project directory (the one containing dbt_project.yml):
```Bash
dbt deps
```
This command reads packages.yml and downloads the necessary code into the dbt_packages/ directory within your project.

### **Step 7: Test the Connection**

> Before running transformations, verify that dbt can connect to Snowflake using your profiles.yml settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running transformations, verify that dbt can connect to your data warehouse using your profiles.yml settings:
```
